hey everyone today I'm going to take you
on a week in my life so I think in my
vlogs you get a flavor of what I'm doing
but you've never actually seen like the
full picture today I'm going to show you
my actual timetable for second year boom
and basically I'm gonna walk you through
a typical week in my life
following this timetable just so you can
see really clearly how our time is
structured in your typical Cambridge
week on my course and yes every week is
different but I'll kind of get in there
what I do most weeks my typical routine
that I follow I filmed myself all week
this week like literally the camera was
following me everywhere I was like I
don't want to skip a moment of my life
these people need to know what I'm doing
this week so I was very very committed
to filming and now I'm going to talk to
you about it so here is a typical week
for me at the University of Cambridge
studying physical Natural Sciences and
this was a week from my second year I've
just finished my second year so this
week occurred like a few months back now
but it's very relevant still so let's
get going so on Monday morning my alarm
goes off fairly early I'd like to get up
by 8 o'clock
latest in the mornings or I just won't
be ready for lectures I take about 45
minutes to get ready in the morning if
I'm not washing my hair so normally I
need to take a shower I like to do my
makeup for most days if I do have time
straighten my hair again if I have time
I've got my 15 minute makeup routine so
I try and rattle through that I put like
a little bit of thought into what I'm
wearing each day you know I don't want
to be looking to drop I grab a jumper
grab my rucksack pretty much got
everything I need in there from previous
days and we're off we're out the room
we're heading to lectures I like to walk
to lectures in the morning I don't know
why I think it's just kind of a nice
peaceful walk through a nice park takes
about 10 to 15 minutes which is not much
longer than if I cycled so why not walk
don't have to put a helmet on on my way
out of college I bumped into the college
cat that cat is always around
I don't even know who's feeding it why
it's there but it always is and of
course I had to stop and Stroke it like
it's a standard thing so yeah I gave
dear old rocket a little stroke and then
I was on my way my first lecture starts
at nine o'clock which was for my physics
being module on this particular week we
were midway through the thermodynamics
course this lecture lasts for one hour
until 10 o'clock and then I have a gap
in my timetable usually I go with my
friends to the archeology library which
is a library near the lecture theatre I
never saw much point walking all the way
back to college and then back out to the
lecture halls later in the day but then
at 11 a.m. my second lecture of the day
starts this was a math lecture and we
were studying group theory at the time
this lecture lasted one hour and then it
was straight into my third lecture of
the day which was for my physics a
module and again this lecture was one
hour long all my lectures are one hour
long and this lecture was on condensed
matter physics so then my lectures are
finished by 1:00 p.m. and I walk back to
Jesus College at this point this is
sometimes with my friends sometimes
alone it depends if my friends have
cycled or walked to lectures that day
and who's doing what but it's a short
walk so I don't really mind I went
straight to the kitchen to make myself
lunch I was very hungry I keep my
sandwich supplies in the kitchen because
that is my go-to
lunchtime food I'm a big fan of her
Marmite sandwich although on this
particular day my friends hid my Marmite
in someone else's cupboard so I got very
confused I had to get a chair out I was
looking at the top of my cupboard like
where is the Marmite I'm quite short so
I can't actually see the top of my
cupboard so I thought it was just up the
top but no someone is hidden it and
someone else's cupboard but I eventually
found it all was well and I made myself
a very good a toasted Marmite sandwich
fun pranks like this occur regularly in
my university staircase
I took my lunch up to my room and
watched some YouTube while I ate my
lunch I normally like to eat lunch with
my friends and have a chat but my
friends weren't around today Sat times
and then for the afternoon I have no
more sheduled contact hours on a Monday
so I spent the whole of the afternoon
working in my room I use this large
block of time to get ahead with my work
that I'm set for supervisions each week
and
Recap lectures if necessary you've got
to make the most of big blocks of time
like this and not see it as free time
and just get going with your work
otherwise it is very very easy to get
behind at 5:40 p.m. most days without
fail I round all my friends up and we go
to CAF which is the Jesus College
cafeteria
I go to CAF for one meal per day it will
be a cooked meal and I just find it a
lot easier than cooking myself after
having a bit of social time with my
friends and who we all walk back to the
staircase together and then it comes to
the time where we're all supposed to be
heading back to our rooms to get back to
work usually we all like to
procrastinate a little bit and we end up
talking in the staircase like we will
literally just have a chat in the
stairwell of the staircase it would make
much more sense to go into someone's
room and have a chat but know as soon as
you get back to your room you should be
working so we kind of put that off and
it was quite a regular thing for us to
all be hanging around the staircase
chatting putting off work after CAF but
eventually someone in the group is
sensible enough to go everyone we've got
what to do
so I did head back to my room and on
this particular evening I decided to do
some revision of my oscillations waves
and optics course in my physics a module
this week in the life was filmed in the
lead up to my end of year exams so quite
a lot of revision is incorporated into
this week weeks that occurred in Arthur
terms in the year or maybe earlier in
the year might not include so much
revision the work we're doing does kind
of change throughout the year I liked a
video cool my parents on a regular basis
i FaceTime them most days or every other
day so I chatted to my parents on the
phone that evening I'm quite close with
my parents I like to have a chat with
them and give them an update on my day
and then my revision continued I
sometimes like to put some music on to
keep me motivated and keep me revising I
put on a revision balance playlist on
Spotify which I was very much enjoying I
do sometimes sing along to the music is
singing along to a bit of music and
having a bit of fun is what it takes to
get me to do some revision then I'll do
it eventually
I called it a day with the work and went
to bed
on Tuesday morning I was up quite early
to go for a morning run I like to go
running along the river normally for
only 20 minutes 25 minutes or so I'm not
that fit I can't run for ages but I
found it's a good way to get me out of
bed in the mornings and when I'd
finished my morning exercise I decided
to treat myself to breakfast in calf
calf only serve breakfast in exam term
and I don't go that often just when I
want to treat myself to a cooked
breakfast and today with one of those
days as you'll see on my timetable
normally I have a lab all day Tuesday
however we actually had no labs during
exam term and labs finished at the end
of second term this meant I had the
whole day with no scheduled contact
hours it was really important I made the
most of this free day and filled it with
productive work and made sure I was
getting all my revision done of previous
stuff as well as keeping up with the
current lecture courses I started by
just tying up some of the exam practice
questions I've been doing the previous
evening in my room and then I walked
over to the Jesus College Library to
have a bit of a change of scenery I knew
a lot of my friends were still around
the staircase on this particular day and
I decided the best way to make myself
focus and not start chatting to other
people was to go to the library in the
library I decided to review my recent
work for my maths course which was all
the group Theory work I had been set
some questions on the lecture course by
my supervisor which I needed to complete
to hand in and I also did some extra
practice exam questions just for myself
to make sure I was solid on the course
content I worked in the library for the
rest of the morning and then at
lunchtime I headed back to my staircase
in college I had lunch in our staircase
kitchen with my friends I normally take
about a one-hour break for lunch and
then I headed back to the library for
the afternoon I kept going with maths
work in the library throughout the
afternoon and then it came to 540 and we
all know what that means
CAF dinner and so as per I joined my
friends in the college who for dinner
straight after CAF dinner i facetimed my
parents that evening featuring my dad
gave them the usual update and then I
just did work in my room for the rest of
the evening I'd had enough of the
library by that point later any evening
I decided to stop work and then I went
and played some board games with
friends I try to fit in a bit of social
time where possible eventually though it
was bedtime and I did go to bed later
than I should have
because Wednesday morning I overslept I
ended up getting up past 8 o'clock and
on Wednesdays I have lectures so that
was not good I had to speed up my
morning routine and get ready very
quickly for some reason I still felt
like I had time to stop for breakfast
the strategies were clearly very
important that morning and then I had to
do a quick speed walk to lectures in the
rain to be honest I am quite often
running late for lectures so it's only
fitting to have me speed walking in this
week in the life video and on Wednesdays
essentially we have a repeat of the
lectures we have on Mondays so I have a
lecture from 9 till 10 and then 10 to
the 11 I have a break and where do we go
the archeology library where else and
then 11 to 12 I have another lecture 12
to 1
I have another lecture and then we're
done with lectures and then it's time to
head back to college this time I walked
back with my friends whoo-hoo
finally people around to walk back with
on Wednesdays normally at 1:30 so half
an hour after my lectures end I have a
supervision in college which takes one
hour but on this particular Wednesday my
supervisor was out of the country so my
supervision was cancelled I wasn't
complaining too much it meant I had time
to go to CAF for rice dinner after CAF I
headed back to the staircase with my
friends and then a thunderstorm began so
of course we all shoved in the staircase
looked out the window was it
particularly pleasant outside I tried to
catch some lightning on camera I think I
pretty much failed but trust me there
was thunder there was lightning the
storm was all around us it was very
exciting but also I wasn't leaving the
staircase there was no way I was going
to the library so I decided just to work
in my room for the afternoon and then
for dinner I went down to the kitchen to
make myself food since I've already had
a meal at CAF earlier that day however I
got down to the fridge and realized I'd
run out of sandwich fillings so I may or
may not have had Nutella on toast for
dinner I did get judged a little and
it's just the sort of thing that happens
to me isn't it but it was a very tasty
dinner so I don't really have any
regrets after dinner I went back up to
my room intending to do work but my
friends
all flip me into my room and we ended up
all chatting in my room eventually
though they all left my room and I did
get back to work as you can tell from
this video I did tend to work quite late
in the evenings this was purely because
it was exam season and a fair
description of exam season is doing many
many hours of work and not having much
time for socializing however remember
that other points during the academic
year are going to be less intense and I
would have more of a work-life balance
soon enough it was bedtime and I was
very very tired at this point it can be
exhausting being a Cambridge on Thursday
morning I was up again a fro morning run
what I looked happy about it what can I
say I'm an exercise enthusiast now on
Thursdays I don't have lectures and I
only had one supervision settled for the
day so it was a relatively free day and
it always was for the whole of the
academic year in the morning I went to
the roost and treated myself I seem to
be treating myself a lot this week but
yeah I treated myself to a coffee and
granola bar they acted like my revision
incentives if I got a question right go
ahead page you can have another bite of
that granola bar so yeah it was quite a
chill time I worked in the roost until
about quarter to twelve at which point
it was time to pack up my staff and head
out of college because I had a
supervision at twelve PM supervisions
last one hour their small group teaching
sessions this one was for my maths
course and this supervision was held in
another College so I needs to allow five
or ten minutes to walk there I'm not
allowed to film in my seat provisions
but it lasted until 1:00 p.m. at which
point are headed to Sainsbury's for my
weekly scenes for a shop I'm a creature
of habit I always went to Sainsbury's at
this point in the week normally my
shopping list consists of bread milk
sandwich fillings a few biscuits
breakfast food that's about it and then
I walk back to college with my shopping
put it away in the fridge and have lunch
in the kitchen I made myself a sandwich
it was a nice tuna Mayo sandwich and a
random egg there which one of my friends
made for me and we all ate together in
the staircase kitchen and then on
Thursday afternoon I decided to go over
to the library I did some classical
dynamics revision and I literally worked
through the whole afternoon until 5:40
because we all know what 540 me
Calf dinner I headed back to the
staircase to meet my friends first you
can see here they were eagerly awaiting
my return and then we headed to calf
calf dinner was not so great on this day
actually I had a fish finger sandwich
and it just wasn't that tasty although
they did have broccoli and broccoli is
my favorite but normally the cat food is
very good
and then after dinner I went straight
back to the college library and I worked
through the evening eventually walking
back to my room after it was dark got to
bed fairly early could it be sensible
because Friday morning I was up nice and
early you can see I was very happy about
my early morning alarm and the reason
for this early morning wake-up was that
I'd agreed to cooks a rowing outing that
morning rowing outings involve getting
up at the crack of dawn and cycling over
to the boathouse I would normally have
more than one rowing outing a week but
in this particular term I decided to
give up coaxing so I could focus on my
work so this was just me agreeing to sub
into an outing rowing outings are good
fun hence why I do bother getting up for
them and they always take place before
lecture start in the mornings
once my crews been down the river and
back and we'd got the boat back in I
cycled back to college and I had time to
have breakfast as well a big old bowl of
shreddies please don't judge the amount
of sugar I put on them and then you know
it was the usual drill I have lectures
on a Friday morning as I do on Monday
and Wednesday so I headed off for my
first lecture at 9:00 a.m. followed by a
quick trip to the Haddon library in my
gap and then I had two lectures
back-to-back from 11:00 a.m. until 1
p.m. then I walked back to college with
my friends on this Friday they all
convinced me to go to CAF lunch and so
we all ate together and then headed back
to the staircase and that is the point
where you followed me for pretty much a
week on Friday afternoon I did have one
supervision which I went to but that was
in college and I basically worked in my
room but I took Friday evening off
because the rest of the week was quite a
tough one I did work quite hard I think
in my personal opinion the work at
Cambridge is fast paced yes we all put a
lot of hours in during the week but it
is rewarding it is fun I mean if you
want to sit around
and do nothing than Cambridge is clearly
not for you but I personally really
enjoy it and I'm really happy to be
there so yeah well that was a week in my
life it's all gonna change next year
that was just my second year timetable
I'm now going into my third year who
knows what my timetables gonna be next
year who knows what routine I'm gonna
get into next year but you know I'll
find out soon it's got to that point
again where I'm kind of looking forward
to going back to uni let's get going
hit me with some more work Cambridge
please don't make it too hard yeah can't
wait to get back for third year please
do subscribe to my channel to see what I
get up to in my third year of university
it could be my last year so you know
it's quite an important one
so subscribe to see all that hit the
like button if you enjoyed this video
hit the notification belt then you know
when I upload head over to Instagram and
go follow me on there as well my handle
is at underscore page underscore why
I'll leave a link to that and the
description as well and I think that's
everything I hope you're all well I'll
see you soon with another video bye
[Music]